pdftohtml: add page (#10748)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pdftohtml.md

# pdftohtml

> > Pdftohtml is a program to convert PDF files into HTML and XML and PNG images.

Reviewer: Pdftohtml is a program to convert PDF files into HTML, XML and PNG images.

> > More information: <https://manned.org/pdftohtml.1>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/pdftohtml>.
```

Author: what's the difference?

Reviewer 3: > what's the difference? 

.1 isn't necessary in the URL if there isn't another command/repackage with the same name. The suggestion is a minor cosmetic fix.

Author: Oh, got it.

> > Pdftohtml is a program to convert PDF files into HTML, XML and PNG images.
> > More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/1/pdftohtml>.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Program to convert PDF files into HTML, XML and PNG images.
> More information: <https://manned.org/pdftohtml.1>.
```
We use manned as a fallback when there isn't an official documentation page.

Ref. https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#more-information-links

Author: Oh, I read the style guide but didn't see that, sorry.

- Convert a pdf file to a html file:

`pdftohtml {{path/to/pdf}} {{path/to/html}}`

- Ignore images in the pdf file:

`pdftohtml -i {{path/to/pdf}} {{path/to/html}}`

- Generate a single HTML that includes all pdf pages:

`pdftohtml -s {{path/to/pdf}} {{path/to/html}}`

- Convert a pdf file to a xml file:

> `pdftohtml -xml {{path/to/pdf}} {{path/to/html}}`

Author: that's way better, thanks!
